Please go to 1 in Japan
I bought the December issue of the TV magazine that is the halion channel
In the last video, I 'm from here in this place I introduced the floor
I'm worried about the appendix but I bought it too
If it falls for me, it will cost 790 yen
TV-kun, who about 20 s's please
The number of appendix it's little better of the price is high TV-kun
First of all, when you look at the appendix , battle cards of Kamen Rider Samurai
This is a good thing Checko Moguridon even black
I think blur and also write a reply
Guridon is fit Nebagivu Oh panel Moteba
But black hunting is pinecone arms
Huh there is likely one force in the shadow
There is only one makeover sound, but the rank of the rock seed is
I wonder if it was I c + because I want
And this is the Masked Rider Brabo Dorian ah Mutsu
Do not become Mr. Dangerous care
I want to check fast, and this makeover sound makes the playing cards have a rocky and rock seed
Furthermore , one scene of the movie is already open, too Kanpanko very pattern already
It is quite gorgeous
It is a place o A three major hero super battle seal
Out one scene of Yoroibu galaxy dinosaur jar by to put a seal attached to the sheet
It seems to come
25 cm after and it Yoroibu which has also attached to this kind of looks like a seal part
Grandfather b
N gifts anymore Well
And that 's it, there are no weapons of Strawberry Arms appendix
There is no one country, but like this it feels like it's in a small box and when you get bored there 's no other choice than vinyl
Was
Put out even here Barongaki Tsu and put the air I
Even if Zunetsu comes +
I feel old and I already know it
Is pretty close feeling of size and shoes Muso Saber in
Moreover, it was easy for the air to enter and it swelled in about 5 seconds
By it does not enter also been swayed by little child
Even with dad mom is good and I think I and further work hard aging card
I will
Let's take a look inside and Dawn from something
Another Takeru
And there is 0 positive and it's a mountain, and the finish is normal with the toxicity.
Barst home child
Addendum is such a place. Maine is after all this strawberry
Most content is the same as the Chohigun I also see a little Para contents It is here that does not come
It's okay, I guess it's a Sakura hurricane that these 3 riders are written in detail
I 'm looking forward to working with Tucker .
Hmm
The most lottery Festival ne This is a good information
There is a line-up of the first lot starting with the combination soon .
Chanting Decade I think I want this
I'm this I once 600 yen It scalar Takkai also ah
Such a dinosaur jar rechargeable battery deluxe set like this
Are you in a large box open 23?
26 pieces set ah
I 'm in a child of such an award, but there is no particularly big information other than that.
I feel that the amount of information is more for telebi-kun than for telemaga.
Information
I have written on the Telemaga, but the total amount of information is
The lever is better than him
There are a lot of things and my rock seeds have increased like this.
Really now model culture company this anywhere saying go and the car becomes more likely is it more than a lot premonition
There was no introduction of the Jan Jan Hamada issue
Taking Boo Boo
Cormorants Uu
Wait
me
an an